CON-370, CON-375, CON-376: Further improve the documentation (#2)
rticommunity/rticonnextdds-connector-rust: docs/lib.md

> # A simple DDS API for Rust

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# A simple DDS API for Rust (Experimental)
```

> The `rtiddsconnector` crate provides a lightweight interface with which to

Reviewer: Is the crate "included with" Connector for Rust? Not sure the right word to use there, but I wanted to mention Connector for Rust in this doc.
```suggestion
The `rtiddsconnector` crate included with _RTI Connector for Rust_ provides a lightweight interface with which to
```

Author: `rtiddsconnector` is _RTI Connector for Rust_, so the crate is the product.
I'm biased against the suggestion, but I understand what you wanted to approach.
I'll see if this fits in some other place.

> access DDS domains from Rust using [RTI Connext][rti-pro]'s C libraries and the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
access DDS domains from Rust using [RTI Connext][rti-pro] C libraries and the
```

simplified _RTI Connector_ API.

> 

Reviewer: > **IMPORTANT:** _Connector for Rust_ is an experimental product; do not use it in production systems. This release is an evaluation distribution; use it to explore using _RTI Connext_ functionality into Rust applications. For support, you may contact [support@rti.com](mailto:support%40rti.com).

> The API offered by `rtiddsconnector` does **NOT** match the

Reviewer: Not sure if this suggestion is correct.  Does "the API offered by `rtiddsconnector`" refer to this "DDS API for Rust" doc set or to the RTI Connector API? 
```suggestion
This DDS API for Rust does **NOT** match the
```

Author: The API offered is not a DDS API, so I'd disregard this suggestion.

Reviewer: OK. For my understanding, what is the name of the API offered by rtiddsconnector?

> [standard DDS API][omg-dds]. Rather offers a simplified interface  developed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[standard DDS API][omg-dds]. Rather, it offers a simplified interface  developed
```

for faster and easier integration in any programming language with access to
native C code.

The [_RTI Connector_ Github project page][gh-connector] contains more information about

> `rtiddsconnector`'s C interface, and bindings to other languages (such as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`rtiddsconnector`'s C interface and bindings to other languages (such as
```

Javascript). Following are the most important characteristics of
the _RTI Connector_ API:

* It is based on an external [XML configuration][omg-dds-xml] file that

>   fully describes the DDS DomainParticipant and its contained entities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  fully describes the DDS _DomainParticipant_ and its contained entities
```

>   (Types, Topics, DataReaders, DataWriters, etc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (Types, Topics, _DataReaders_, _DataWriters_, etc).
```

Author: Why would we not also italize `Topics` there?

Reviewer: It should be, missed it.

* It is based on Dynamic Data, removing the need for code generation steps
  typically required by DDS applications.
* It features implicit memory management for data samples, simplifying
  the application code.
* It features implicit data conversions between DDS primitive types and

>   native types supported by the target programming language.

Reviewer: In the Overview section, for the Input and Output bullets, capitalize and italicize "topics." For the last bullet, italicize Connector.

[standard DDS API][omg-dds]. Rather, it offers a simplified interface  developed
for faster and easier integration in any programming language with access to
native C code.

The [_RTI Connector_ Github project page][gh-connector] contains more information about
`rtiddsconnector`'s C interface and bindings to other languages (such as
Javascript). Following are the most important characteristics of
the _RTI Connector_ API:

* It is based on an external [XML configuration][omg-dds-xml] file that
  fully describes the DDS _DomainParticipant_ and its contained entities
  (_Types_, _Topics_, _DataReaders_, _DataWriters_, etc).
* It is based on Dynamic Data, removing the need for code generation steps
  typically required by DDS applications.
* It features implicit memory management for data samples, simplifying
  the application code.
* It features implicit data conversions between DDS primitive types and
  native types supported by the target programming language.

> **IMPORTANT:**
> _Connector for Rust_ is an experimental product; do not use it in production
> systems. This release is an evaluation distribution; use it to explore using

> > RTI Connext functionality into Rust applications. For support, you may

Reviewer: I learned [support@rti.com](mailto:support@rti.com) is not the proper contact for experimental products. Let's replace the last sentence in the callout with the following:
" As an experimental RTI product, we only offer support through the [RTI Community Forum](https://community.rti.com/forum), backed by RTI engineers who will answer your questions.

> ### Error Handling

Reviewer: Heading case changes mid document. Recommend updating the last two headings to match the others (Thread Safety and Build-time Linking).

Author: This was intended, as `Error Handling` was part of the overview.

<img width="667" height="410" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f25c3ee2-df4b-4806-a0fd-2016c6d86a6d" />

Do you think all other sections currently within `.h2 Overview` should be `.h2` as well?

Reviewer: Yes, good point.
